# No-Nonsense Blank Starter Theme for OctoberCMS.

This is not a theme to be used to slap together a website by tossing it on a server, slapping some plugins on it, and calling it a day. This is a theme to use when you want to build it yourself, but you're tired of having to do the same old boilerplate to start the project every time.

Includes:
- **Animate.css** (for when your client wants it to _pop_)
- **Normalize.css** (because browsers suck am I right?)
- **FontAwesome5** (you get an icon and you get an icon and everyone gets an icon!)
- **GoogleAnalytics** (track all the things!)
- **Bootstrap-Grid-Only** (because Bootstrap is gross but apparently it's the only way devs know how to layout grids)
- **Favicons generated by RealFaviconGenerator.net** (because favicons are a nice touch)
- **OctoberCMS Backend FlashMessages and Loaders support** (for that sweet sweet functionality)

Theme comes with support for [RainLab.Pages](https://octobercms.com/plugin/rainlab-pages) and organizes everything in a sane boilerplate layout so that you can just start making the next greatest thing.

## Documentation

This theme is organized in the manner that I personally consider to make the most sense for an OctoberCMS theme and is meant to be used as a boilerplate starter theme for all of my projects.

### Layouts
The theme comes with one layout `default.htm` that simply boots the theme by generating the nav menus and then rendering the `header.htm` partial, the `{% page %}` and then the `footer.htm` partial.

### Pages
The theme comes with two CMS pages `404.htm` and `error.htm` by default (both of them OctoberCMS error handling pages) and three RainLab.Pages static pages (Home, About, Contact). The navigation menu is handled by RainLab.Pages.

### Partials
The theme comes with two groups of partials: `tmpl` for handling the structure of the theme and `meta` for handling tags within the document head.

##### `partials/tmpl`:
- `featured-image.htm`: Helper for rendering a featured image with other content
- `footer.htm`: The site footer and also where theme scripts are placed
- `header.htm`: The site header, includes the `DOCTYPE` declaration, the `head` section and the opening `body` tag.
- `nav-items.htm`: Renders the nav menu items based on RainLab.Pages navigation data

##### `partials/meta`:
- `favicons.htm`: For the favicon related tags
- `seo.htm`: For the SEO related tags
- `styles.htm`: For loading the theme styles and webfonts

### Assets
Assets are split into the following folders under `theme/assets`:
- `favicons`: Favicon asset files generated by [RealFaviconGenerator.net](https://realfavicongenerator.net)
- `images`: Theme design images, logos, etc.
- `js`: Theme Javascript files
- `less`: Theme styles
- `vendor`: Any other theme assets that are external dependencies
